h2. XLS export plugin

With the help of this plugin you can export issues list with all information to XLS file. Also it is possible to export issues with attachments as a ZIP archive.

h3. Requirements

Plugin requires Redmine version 1.3.0 or higher.

Plugin relies on *spreadsheet* gem for XLS based operations. Please install this gem before running plugin. Also if you want to use attachments export you should install *rubyzip* gem.

h3. Features

* Export active or all columns
* Export issue descriptions
* Export journal entries - both inline or as separate file per each issue
* Export relations information
* Export spent time data
* List attachments information
* Export attachments
* Export watchers
* Split information by sheets based on grouping criteria
* Correct formatting and width of worksheet cells

h3. Details

Plugin adds following links with 'XLS export:' prefix at the bottom of the page under 'Also available in' bar:

* *Quick*
 One click export to XLS using default export settings from plugin configuration screen
* *Detailed*
 Brings up dialog where user can choose export options before export

h3. Installation and Setup

# Install *spreadsheet* gem ('gem install spreadsheet')
# Install *rubyzip* gem if you want to use export attachments feature
# Install plugin "Plugin views with revisions":http://www.redmine.org/plugins/redmine_plugin_views_revisions if you do not have it installed
# Follow the Redmine plugin installation steps at: http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins
# Run rake task
 *rake redmine:plugins:process_version_change RAILS_ENV=production*
# Login and configure the plugin (Administration > Plugins > Configure)

h3. History

0.2.1

* Journal export compatibility fixes
* Japanese & China translations updated

0.2.0

* Plugin depends on "Plugin views with revisions":http://www.redmine.org/plugins/redmine_plugin_views_revisions for further Redmine compatibility
* Rails 3 (Redmine 2.x.x) compatibility added
* Controller completely rewritten - no more IssuesController monkey-patch
* Journal entries could be exported as well
* Ability to export journal entries in separate files, one per each issue
* Ability to export attachments in ZIP file
* Ability to set start offset for export
